README.md, before:

# Challenge II | Fintech ![Columbia](https://instructure-uploads-pdx.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/account_150420000000000001/attachments/590996/columbia.png)

This project is the second weekly challenge for Fintech, the challenge deals with Readme.md files edition, modules and Git basic commands
---

## Technologies

The main language is Python, with the following auxiliary modules/libraries.
Python version is 3.7, developed in an independent conda virtual environment

### csv
This module handles csv parsing, reading and writing

### fire
This modules abstracts the interface between the command line and the internal python script functions

### questionary
This module generates an interactive user input that makes the terminal interface more intuitive.

### pathlib
This module helps abstracting the OS discrepancies between folder structures and files.
---

## Installation Guide

In this section, you should include detailed installation notes containing code blocks and screenshots.

---

## Usage

This section should include screenshots, code blocks, or animations explaining how to use your project.

---

## Contributors

In this section, list all the people who contribute to this project. You might want recruiters or potential collaborators to reach you, so include your contact email and, optionally, your LinkedIn or Twitter profile.

---

## License

When you share a project on a repository, especially a public one, it's important to choose the right license to specify what others can and can't with your source code and files. Use this section to include the license you want to use.

Commit message:

Added license and installation in README file

README.md, after:

# Challenge II | Fintech ![Columbia](https://instructure-uploads-pdx.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/account_150420000000000001/attachments/590996/columbia.png)

This project is the second weekly challenge for Fintech, the challenge deals with Readme.md files edition, modules and Git basic commands
---

## Technologies

The main language is Python, with the following auxiliary modules/libraries.
Python version is 3.7, developed in an independent conda virtual environment

### csv
This module handles csv parsing, reading and writing

### fire
This modules abstracts the interface between the command line and the internal python script functions

### questionary
This module generates an interactive user input that makes the terminal interface more intuitive.

### pathlib
This module helps abstracting the OS discrepancies between folder structures and files.
---

## Installation Guide

For instalation the latest version of Python is recommended.

[Python](https://www.python.org)

### Install the external libraries

``
pip install questionary
pip install csv
pip install path
pip install fire
``


### Clone repository
`` git clone https://github.com/lumiroga/Fintech_Challenge2.git



---

## Usage

This section should include screenshots, code blocks, or animations explaining how to use your project.

---

## Contributors

In this section, list all the people who contribute to this project. You might want recruiters or potential collaborators to reach you, so include your contact email and, optionally, your LinkedIn or Twitter profile.

---

## License

When you share a project on a repository, especially a public one, it's important to choose the right license to specify what others can and can't with your source code and files. Use this section to include the license you want to use.
